[docs][node-manager] GPU docs: step-by-step flow, examples, FAQ, CR/README updates (RU/EN) (#14855)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-node-manager/docs/FAQ.md

* **MIG (Multi-Instance GPU)** — hardware partitioning of supported GPUs into independent instances; with the `all-1g.5gb` profile the cluster exposes resources like `nvidia.com/mig-1g.5gb`. See the full list of profiles and limitations in the [**NVIDIA MIG User Guide**](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/mig-user-guide/).

See examples in [Examples → GPU nodes](../node-manager/examples.html#example-gpu-nodegroup).

## MIG profile does not activate — what to check?

1. **GPU model:** MIG is supported on H100/A100/A30; it is **not** supported on V100/T4. See the profile tables in the [NVIDIA MIG guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/mig-user-guide/contents.html).
2. **NodeGroup configuration:**

   ```yaml
   gpu:
     sharing: MIG
     mig:
       partedConfig: all-1g.5gb
   ```

3. **Wait for reconfiguration:** allow `nvidia-mig-manager` to complete (the `mig-reconfigure` taint will be removed).
4. **If `nvidia.com/mig-*` resources are still missing, check:**

   ```bash
   kubectl -n d8-nvidia-gpu logs daemonset/nvidia-mig-manager
   nvidia-smi -L
   ```

## Are AMD or Intel GPUs supported?

> At this time, Deckhouse automatically configures **NVIDIA GPUs only**. Support for **AMD (ROCm)** and **Intel GPUs** is being worked on and is planned for future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, Deckhouse Kubernetes Platform automatically configures **NVIDIA GPUs only**. Support for **AMD (ROCm)** and **Intel GPUs** is being worked on and is planned for future releases.
```

Copy output data from the CUDA device to the host memory
Test PASSED
Done
```

## How to monitor GPUs?

Deckhouse automatically deploys **DCGM Exporter**; GPU metrics are scraped by Prometheus and available in Grafana.

## Which GPU modes are supported?

* **Exclusive** — the node exposes the `nvidia.com/gpu` resource; each Pod receives an entire GPU.
* **TimeSlicing** — time-sharing a single GPU among multiple Pods (default `partitionCount: 4`); Pods still request `nvidia.com/gpu`.
* **MIG (Multi-Instance GPU)** — hardware partitioning of supported GPUs into independent instances; with the `all-1g.5gb` profile the cluster exposes resources like `nvidia.com/mig-1g.5gb`. See the full list of profiles and limitations in the [**NVIDIA MIG User Guide**](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/mig-user-guide/).

See examples in [Examples → GPU nodes](../node-manager/examples.html#example-gpu-nodegroup).

## How to view available MIG profiles in the cluster?

<span id="how-to-view-available-mig-profiles"></span>

Pre-defined profiles are stored in the **`mig-parted-config`** ConfigMap inside the **`d8-nvidia-gpu`** namespace.
Show its YAML with:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/pull/14855/files#r2262562949

## When is a node reboot required?

Node reboots may be required after configuration changes. For example, after changing certain sysctl settings, specifically when modifying the `kernel.yama.ptrace_scope` parameter (e.g., using `astra-ptrace-lock enable/disable` in the Astra Linux distribution).

## How do I work with GPU nodes?

{% alert level="info" %}

> GPU-node management is available in the **EE** edition only.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
GPU-node management is available in Enterprise Edition only.
```
